As the practical part of the course, you will need to develop a meaningful example of a simple mobile WEB application. The system consists of a number of WEB services implemented by means of PHP scripting or JAVA servlet programming, and of a single page application implemented via HTML, CSS, JavaScript and two JavaScript frameworks (Angular and Cordova). The software package called XAMPP contains all packages needed to implement the back-end part of the project. For the Cordova installation, please consult the Cordova Tutorial.
The example should include at least:

3 REST WEB services returning JSON files.
A single page application demonstrating a meaningful behaviour and implemented as a plain javascript or AngularJS application. The application must reuse the WEB services.
A hybrid mobile application produced by means of the Cordova framework
Thus, your work consists of:
Installing Apache HTTP server, PHP support, NodeJS package and Cordova environment. Optionally, you may install the mySQL DBMS.
Developing three Web services as PHP scripts. The scripts may load a database with data and retrieve data using SQL.
Implementation of a number of files that constitute a single page application (HTML file, CSS file, JS files).

Please remember, you have to upload a report consisting of 4 sections as follows:
Description of the basic functionality of your application.
Description of all Web services.
Description of your single page application.
Deploying the application instructions.

Please remember you can only get the maximum number of points (20) if your report and examples match EXACTLY all the above requirements and your assignment demonstrates a meaningful functionality that is expected from a mobile Web application. Creating a working group
You can develop the example in collaboration with colleagues. In other words, the example may be presented by a working group consisting of maximum 3 students.
Packaging and presenting the results
Thus, your results should consist of

a written report (file "report.pdf")
all the files that you implemented for your Web services (file "server.zip")
all the files that you implemented for your front-end application (file "client.zip").
installation file for a mobile device produced with Cordova (file "mobile.zip").
All four files should be uploaded into your personal locker on the internet server.